README.md, before:

# gha-workflows-checker

[![Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-cb2533.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://docs.python.org/3.10/)
[![Git on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%20control-git-blue.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![The uncompromising Python code formatter](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
[![CodeQL analysis](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker/actions?query=workflow:CodeQL)
[![Issue Tracker](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker?logo=github)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/Reshapr/issues)


Script that uses GitHub CLI tool to list GitHub Actions workflows in repositories
with their enables/disable status.

Commit message:

Add "repo archived" note to README

README.md, after:

# gha-workflows-checker

[![Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-cb2533.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.10+-blue.svg)](https://docs.python.org/3.10/)
[![Git on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/version%20control-git-blue.svg?logo=github)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![The uncompromising Python code formatter](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
[![CodeQL analysis](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker/actions?query=workflow:CodeQL)
[![Issue Tracker](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows-checker?logo=github)](https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/Reshapr/issues)

**This repo has been archived.**
The `gha_workflows_checker.py` script was moved to https://github.com/UBC-MOAD/gha-workflows/

Script that uses GitHub CLI tool to list GitHub Actions workflows in repositories
with their enables/disable status.
